README.md, before:

# PROJECT NAME

#### EPICODUS PRACTICE: Sample one-sentence description
---
#### By
* _**Ella Tanttu**_
* _**Name 2**_
* _**Name 3**_

## Technologies Used

- CSS3
- HTML5
- JAVAscript
- eslint
- Jest
- Node & NPM
- popper.js
- webpack

## Description

_Detailed description that explains the project and what concepts were being practiced._

## View Live Application on GH-Pages
_PLACE LINK TO LIVE SITE HERE_

## Setup & Installation Instructions

1. Download or clone github repository to local machine in desired directory - https://github.com/url-path
2. If downloaded, extract .zip contents to desired directory
3. Navigate to and open directory with Visual Studio Code
4. Open terminal and install required packages by typing "npm install"
5. Test code in terminal by typing "npm test"
6. Build the display environment in the terminal by typing "npm run build"
7. Run the environment in your default web browser by typing "npm run start" in the terminal

## Known Bugs

No known issues

## License

_MIT Copyright (c) 2021 Ella Tanttu_
_https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT_

## Contact Information

_Ella Tanttu ellajtanttu@gmail.com_

---


# Whiteboarding

## Prompt
> Block quote paragraph setter

## Analysis & Brainstorm

## Pseudocode
      Test must be tabbed in three times to show up as code block:

Commit message:

Add   search and get trending functionality to project
Co-authored-by: Jeff Lai <pjefflai@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Giphy-API

#### EPICODUS PRACTICE: A webpage practicing API.
---
#### By
* _**Liam Eller**_
* _**Jeff Lai**_

## Technologies Used

- CSS3
- HTML5
- JAVAscript
- eslint
- Jest
- Node & NPM
- popper.js
- webpack

## Description

_Detailed description that explains the project and what concepts were being practiced._

## View Live Application on GH-Pages
_PLACE LINK TO LIVE SITE HERE_

## Setup & Installation Instructions

1. Download or clone github repository to local machine in desired directory - https://github.com/url-path
2. If downloaded, extract .zip contents to desired directory
3. Navigate to and open directory with Visual Studio Code
4. Open terminal and install required packages by typing "npm install"
5. Test code in terminal by typing "npm test"
6. Build the display environment in the terminal by typing "npm run build"
7. Run the environment in your default web browser by typing "npm run start" in the terminal

## Known Bugs

No known issues

## License

_MIT Copyright (c) __
_https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT_


## Describe Giphy ------
Create an application that allows users to search Giphy for interesting GIFs.
      We want the user to be able to traverse popular giphys, search for key words to bring popular gifs and 
 Make sure to carefully read Giphy's documentation as you build out your application.

1. First, build out your application to allow users to search for GIFs using a keyword.

      * webpage with a user input and a div to display the api response.

2 .Next, add functionality so your users can see trending content from Giphy.

      * 

3. Finally, add a button that users can click to randomly see a GIF from Giphy.

4. More challenging: Add functionality so a user can upload content to Giphy. Note that the free tier only allows users to upload 10 files per day(using API POST here). You can apply for a production key if you'd like the option to add more.

5. Optional: Try adding a try...catch block to handle API errors without looking at future lessons on how to do this. Once again, this is good practice.
